You wake up. You are siting in a horse car, three other people are next to you.
A strong man with long blond hair is speaking to you.;
Ralof:     Hey, you. You're finally awake.
    You were trying to cross the border, right?
    Walked right into the Imperial ambush, same as us,
    and that thief over there.;
He's pointing with his Head to the other man in the carriage.;
Lokir: Damn you Stormcloaks. Skyrim was fine until you came along.
    Empire was nice an lazy.
    If they haden't been looking for you,
    I could've stolen that horse and be halfway to Hammerfell.
    You there. You and me - we shouldn't be here.
    It's these Stormcloaks the Empire wants.;
Ralof:     We're all brothers and sisters in binds now, thief.;
An Imperial is looking back and is shouting:
    Shut up back there!;
Lokir is looking to the forth men in the horse car, which has been
gagged, and is saying:
    And what's wrong with him, huh?;
Ralof is replaying enraged:
    Watch your tongue. You're speaking to Ulfric Stormcloak, the true
	High King.;
Lokir is saying shocked:
    Ulfric? The Jarl of Windhelm? You're the leader of the rebellion.
    But if they've captured you... Oh gods, where are they taking us?
    I don't know where we're going, but Sovenguarde awaits.;
Lokir is replaying scared:
    No, this can't be happening.;
Ralof:    Hey, what village are you from horse thief?;
Lokir:    Why do you care?;
Ralof:    A Nord's last thoughts should be of home.;
Lokir:    Rorikstead. I'm ... I'm from Rorinkstead.;
The horse with the car is entering Helgen. A tiny town surrounded by a
wall.;
The Imperial Soldier is calling the General:
    General Tullius, sir! The headsman is waiting!;
The General is saying sharp:
    Good. Let's get over this over with.;
Lokir is praying:
    Shor, Mara, Dibella, Kynareth, Akatosh. Divines, please help me.;
Ralof is mumbling scornfully:
    Look at him, General Tullius the Military Governor.
    And it looks like the Thalmor are with him. Damn elves.
    I bet they had something to do with this.
    This is Helgen. I used to be sweet on a girl from here.
    Wonder if Vilod is still making that mead with juniper berries mixed in.
    Funny, when I was a boy, imperial walls and towers used to make me
	feel so safe.;
A little boy named Hamming is asking:
    Who are they, daddy? Where are they going?;
The father is calling:
    You need to go inside, little cub.;
The boy is arguing:
    Why? I want to watch the soldiers.;
The father is shouting:
    Inside the house. Now.;
The boy is walking sadly back in the house.;
The car is stopping and an Imperial Captain is screaming:
    Get these prisoners out of the carts. Move it!;
Lokir is asking scared:
    Why are we stopping?;
Ralof is replying calm:
    Why do you think? End of the line.
    Let's go. Shouldn't keep the gods waiting for us.;
Everyone stands up and leave the car.;
Lokir is begging:
    No! Wait! We're not rebels!;
Ralof is commenting disrespectfully:
    Face your death with some courage, thief.;
Lokir is telling:
    You've got to tell the,! We weren't with you! This is a mistake!;
As everyone has left the car the Imperial Captain is ordering:
    Step towards the block when we call your name. One at a time.;
Ralof: Empire loves their damn lists.;
Hadevar, an Imperial Soldier, with a list is calling:
    Ulfric Stormcloak. Jarl of Windhelm.;
Ralof is saying respectfully:
    It has been an honor, Jarl Ulfric!;
Ulfric is walking to the people surrounding the block.;
Hadevar: Ralof of Riverwood.
         Lokir of Rorikstead.;
Lokir is begging for help:
    No, i'm not a rebel. You can't do this!;
Lokir is started running away.;
Imperial Captain: Halt;
Lokir: You're not going to kill me!;
Imperial Captain is shouting:
    Archers!;
The Archers are shooting at him after one shot he's falling death to the
ground.;
Imperial Captain is asking proud:
    Anyone else feel like running?;
Hadevar is pointing on you:
    Wait. You there. Step forward.
    Who are you? @
    Folow the Captain, prisoner.;
The Captain is leading you to the block.;
Tulius is saying disapointed:
    Ulfric Stormcloak. Some here in Helgen call you a hero.
    But a hero doesn't use a power like the Voice to murder his king and
	usurp his throne.;
Ulfric is muffling something,
Tulius is responding:
    You started this war, pluged Skyrim into chaos, and now the Empire
	is going to put you down,
    and restore the peace.;
A scary non human scream is resonating.;
Hadvar is asking wondering:
    What was that?;
Tulius is responding:
    It's nothing. Carry on.;
The Captain is saying:
    Yes, general Tullius.;
The Captain is saying to the Pristess of Arkay:
    Give them their last rites.;
The Pristess is praying:
    As we commend your souls to Aetherius, blessings of the Eight
	Divines upon you,
    for you are the salt and earth of Nirn, our beloved....;
A Stormcloak Soldier is moving forward and is saying bored:
    For the love of Talos, shut up and let's get this over with.;
The Priestress of Arkay is responding surprised:
    As you wish.;
The Stormcloak Soldier is nagging:
    Come on, I haven't got all morning.
    My ancesters are smiling at me, Imperials. Can you say the same?;
The Stormcloak Soldier is moving to the block and is kneeing infront of it.
The Hangman is swinging the axe and is chopping the Soldiers head off.;
A Stormcloak Soldier is shouting:
    You Imperial bastards!;
An Imperial citizen named Vilod is shouting:
    Justice!;
Ingrid an Imperial loyalist is yelling:
    Death to the Stormcloaks!;
Ralof the Stormcloak Soldier from the carriage is saying respectfully:
    As fearless in death as he was in life.;
The Imperial Captain is pointing on you and is ordering: @
Another non human scream is echoing down the valley.;
Hadvar is noticing:
	There it is again. Did you hear that?;
The Imperial Captain is ordering:
	I said, next prisoner!;
Hadvar:	To the block, prisoner. Nice and easy.
You are moving to the block and you are laying your head on it.;
The hangman is preparing his hit on your neck;
At the same time a dragon is flying from a mountain towards helgen.;
Tullius is shouting in fear:
	What in Oblivion is that?;
The Imperial Captain is asking:
	Sentries! What do you see?;
The Dragon is landing on the nearest tower to you.;
An Imperial Soldier is yelling:
	It's in the clouds!;
A Stormcloak Soldier is crying:
	Dragon!;
The Dragon is shouting and a thunder is appearing.
Rocks are falling from the sky and the earth is shaking;
You can flee from the block.;
